README.md, before:

# Bharat Minds

A modern AI chat interface that allows you to compare responses from multiple AI models simultaneously. Built with Next.js, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS.

## Features

- **Multi-Model Chat**: Compare responses from up to 5 different AI models at once
- **Indian-Inspired Design**: Beautiful saffron and deep blue color scheme inspired by Indian culture
- **Real-time Streaming**: See responses as they're generated
- **Image Support**: Upload images for visual analysis
- **Web Search**: Enable web search for more contextual responses
- **Local Storage**: Your API keys and chat history are stored locally
- **Responsive Design**: Works seamlessly on desktop and mobile devices

## Supported Models

- **Gemini 2.5 Flash** (Google)
- **Llama 3.3 70B Instruct** (Meta)
- **Qwen 2.5 72B Instruct** (Alibaba)
- **OpenAI GPT-OSS 20B** (Free)
- **GLM 4.5 Air** (Zhipu AI)
- And many more via OpenRouter

## Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/bharat-minds.git
   cd bharat-minds
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Set up API keys** (optional)
   - Get a [Gemini API key](https://aistudio.google.com/app/u/5/apikey?pli=1)
   - Get an [OpenRouter API key](https://openrouter.ai/sign-in?redirect_url=https%3A%2F%2Fopenrouter.ai%2Fsettings%2Fkeys)

4. **Start the development server**
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

5. **Open your browser**
   Navigate to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

## Color Scheme

The application features a beautiful Indian-inspired color palette:

- **Primary**: Saffron (#FF9933) - Represents courage and sacrifice
- **Secondary**: Deep Blue - Represents wisdom and depth
- **Background**: Dark blue-gray - Creates a professional, focused environment
- **Accents**: Various shades of saffron and blue for visual hierarchy

## Technology Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 15 with App Router
- **Language**: TypeScript
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS v4
- **Animations**: Framer Motion
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **State Management**: React hooks with localStorage

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Acknowledgments

- Original project by [Niladri Hazra](https://github.com/NiladriHazra/Open-Fiesta)
- Inspired by the rich cultural heritage of India
- Built with modern web technologies for optimal performance and user experience

Commit message:

Initial release: Bharat Minds - AI chat interface with Indian-inspired design by Sahib Singh

README.md, after:

# Bharat Minds

A modern AI chat interface that allows you to compare responses from multiple AI models simultaneously. Built with Next.js, TypeScript, and Tailwind CSS, featuring a beautiful Indian-inspired design.

## Features

- **Multi-Model Chat**: Compare responses from up to 5 different AI models at once
- **Indian-Inspired Design**: Beautiful saffron and deep blue color scheme inspired by Indian culture
- **Real-time Streaming**: See responses as they're generated
- **Image Support**: Upload images for visual analysis
- **Web Search**: Enable web search for more contextual responses
- **Local Storage**: Your API keys and chat history are stored locally
- **Responsive Design**: Works seamlessly on desktop and mobile devices

## Supported Models

- **Gemini 2.5 Flash** (Google)
- **Llama 3.3 70B Instruct** (Meta)
- **Qwen 2.5 72B Instruct** (Alibaba)
- **OpenAI GPT-OSS 20B** (Free)
- **GLM 4.5 Air** (Zhipu AI)
- And many more via OpenRouter

## Getting Started

1. **Clone the repository**
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/sahibsingh13/bharat-minds.git
   cd bharat-minds
   ```

2. **Install dependencies**
   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. **Set up API keys** (optional)
   - Get a [Gemini API key](https://aistudio.google.com/app/u/5/apikey?pli=1)
   - Get an [OpenRouter API key](https://openrouter.ai/sign-in?redirect_url=https%3A%2F%2Fopenrouter.ai%2Fsettings%2Fkeys)

4. **Start the development server**
   ```bash
   npm run dev
   ```

5. **Open your browser**
   Navigate to [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

## Color Scheme

The application features a beautiful Indian-inspired color palette:

- **Primary**: Saffron (#FF9933) - Represents courage and sacrifice
- **Secondary**: Deep Blue - Represents wisdom and depth
- **Background**: Dark blue-gray - Creates a professional, focused environment
- **Accents**: Various shades of saffron and blue for visual hierarchy

## Technology Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 15 with App Router
- **Language**: TypeScript
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS v4
- **Animations**: Framer Motion
- **Icons**: Lucide React
- **State Management**: React hooks with localStorage

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository
2. Create a feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/amazing-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -m 'Add some amazing feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/amazing-feature`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## About the Creator

**Bharat Minds** was created by **Sahib Singh** as a modern AI chat interface that combines cutting-edge technology with beautiful Indian-inspired design. The project aims to provide users with a seamless way to interact with multiple AI models while celebrating the rich cultural heritage of India.

## License

This project is proprietary and all rights are reserved by Sahib Singh.

---

**Built with ❤️ by Sahib Singh**
